c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.dll
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pdb
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pri
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.dll
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pdb
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\cindysym\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.dll
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pdb
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\bin\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pri
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.dll
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\WMViewModelCommon.pdb
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\liufs_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WatchMovie\WatchMovie\WMViewModelCommon\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
